do you think we'll ever see the you get
the respect it deserves or will it
always be seen as a comedy instrument I
know what you mean but do you think I'll
have to make the string slots much wider
to accommodate a low G set of strings
exactly I've been practicing my split
finger triplet strum all day and now i'm
getting a pain in my elbow is this
normal how do you make an E chord do I
need any chord can someone tell me what
songs don't have an E chord the cosmos
is great it promotes free speech the
cosmos is obscene I never post air but I
do enjoy reading it everyone laughs when
I take out my uke is this normal yes I
agree Tiny Tim was a genius it's
unfortunate that he had to sing in that
falsetto voice I want to put worth
strings on my soprano is this normal
have you ever flown with your yoke I'm
going to Florida next week on United
should I just walk onto the plane with
my uke under my arm like I know what I'm
doing what if they stop me I totally
agree with you hi action will cause
intonation problems up the neck I think
that's normal do you think the cosmos is
obscene yes I do think mahogany will
produce a richer tone can a uke really
have a rich tone I'm scared I have a
question if I sit on my you can crush it
will Martin strings make it sound better
why don't more people play the uke have
you heard about the cosmos I want to buy
a microphone to record my uke in my tuba
do they make these I can only spend ten
dollars can I put metal strings on my
uke if the bridge comes off of the word
strings make it sound better most
certainly I never touch my guitar
anymore I hate a guitar I just recorded
us on my timing is really bad my singing
is not so hot the Middle Park has an E
chord which sounds kind of muffled my
uke is really out of tune and you can
hear a fire truck going by in front of
my house honestly tell me what you think
it's on my new CD can you help me with
something i'm looking for a song I sang
when I was in high school it goes
something like this la la la la la
and it speeds up really fast and ends
with some quick strumming I know it has
any court in it any help Thanks I heard
a uke during a toilet paper
advertisement last night on TV is this
normal I totally agree I want to trade
my ovation soprano for a Martin style 3
any takers email me I want to learn all
the notes on the neck is that possible
are there notes on the neck do you think
the cosmos is obscene
you